Simple "dumb" relay that enforces its own identification system but has no knowledge of the underlying
UDP protocol it is forwarding. Is capable of routing UTP or virtually any UDP based protocol.

------ SPECIFICATIONS ------

PEER GROUPS
A peer group will always have an owner. The peer with the lowest index in the peer list will always
have ownership. Whether or not the peer group is destroyed following the disconnect of an owner depends
on the owner promotion flag. By default, promotion will be disabled.

Peer groups are intended to obfuscate user UUIDs. All peers will be given client ids which originate
from an internal counter (ulong).

A peer can only be on one active peer group at a time.

During routing, client id 0 will always route to the client with the lowest client id.
If routing a client-server connection through the peer group, all clients should route to this id.
Routing to maxint will instead broadcast to all peers.

A peer group can be polled at any given time to retrieve the full list of client ids.
The maximum number of peers for a peer group is 255. This is to limit the size of the polling message.
Polling messages will be truncated if the number of connected peers is < 255.

All peers will be given a short lived peer UUID. This UUID will be used during routing to verify
the sender's identity. Peer UUIDs will be destroyed once a peer leaves the peer group.

CONTROL SERVER
A TCP connection must remain open between all clients at any given time.
Connecting to the server creates a session UUID. Upon disconnecting, this UUID will become invalid.

All server messaging that requires reliable communication such as authentication, peer group joining,
configuration, etc, must be done through TCP.

User UUIDs (along with all derived forms of identification) will be restricted to the originating
IP address to prevent basic spoofing attacks. If a client disconnects, there will be a brief
60 second window to reconnect either with the same IP address or a new IP address. Given that
multiple users can operate under the same public IP, UUIDs will still remain the primary form of
identification.

ROUTING SERVER
All UDP messages must contain the following
[Sender peer UUID (16 bytes)][Recipient Client ID (uint32, 4 bytes)] ---
[Message payload (? bytes)]

Upon verification at the relay, the header will be stripped and only the original payload will be sent
to the intended receiver.

Any message received over UDP that either lack a valid sender UUID or contains an incorrect client ID
will have their messages silently dropped.

FOR SMALL SCALE TESTING PURPOSES ONLY
DO NOT USE IN A PRODUCTION ENVIRONMENT WITHOUT SIGNIFICANT IMPROVEMENTS IN SECURITY/PERFORMANCE!
